OKTA-793295 - Add note to create a child org section of Aerial guide (#5028)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/manage-orgs-okta-aerial/main/index.md

Create a child org of the parent org using the Org creator API. This creates a child org with features synced from the parent org. In the API response, you receive an API token tied to the super admin. Use the token to provision more resources on the child org like policies, apps, or groups.

> >**Note:** Before creating a child org, ensure you give consent to the parent org with the [Grant Okta Aerial access to your Org API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/OrgSettingSupport/#tag/OrgSettingSupport/operation/grantAerialConsent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Before creating a child org, ensure that you give consent to the parent org with the [Grant Okta Aerial access to your Org API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/OrgSettingSupport/#tag/OrgSettingSupport/operation/grantAerialConsent).
```

> The API token isn't the token that's used for Okta Aerial. The token that the Org creator API creates has the same automatic expiration and deactivation as API tokens created using the [Admin Console](/docs/guides/create-an-api-token/main/#token-expiration-and-deactivation).

Reviewer: It wasn't clear to me which API token was being talked about at the beginning of the sentence. So, I switched things around. LMK if you have questions.
```suggestion
The API token created using the [Admin Console](/docs/guides/create-an-api-token/main/#token-expiration-and-deactivation) isn't the token that's used for Okta Aerial. However, the token that the Org creator API creates has the same automatic expiration and deactivation.
```
